---
layout: post
title: Scenic City Marathon
date: 2009-05-29 13:11
author: Rahn
comments: true
categories: [guest, marathon, race, trail, Uncategorized]
---
[Guest Post]
<p class="MsoNormal">“This course is relatively flat,” pause for effect, “for Eastern Tennessee.”<span>  </span>That’s how Randy Whorton described the course during his opening comments Saturday morning.<span>  </span>Never running in any part of Tennessee, I just laughed with the rest of the crowd.<span>  </span>The race, from the website, described the course as “fast and forgiving.”<span>  </span>Now I know race directors are pretty full of it and are generally just trying to pump up attendance, but what the heck is that supposed to mean?<span>  </span>At least it was creative.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"> The race was run on a single track mountain bike course on Raccoon Mountain in Chattanooga.<span>  </span>Words like, Vasque Project, The Boonies, SORBA and TVA were thrown around more than a few times when describing the course.<span>  </span>Like any good trail run, you cut under or by several power lines and had more than a few hills, switchbacks, exposed roots and big ol’ rocks.<span>  </span>The one thing lacking was no mud or water crossings.<span>  </span>Race started at 8 am and it was about 70 degrees outside with about 340% humidity.<span>  </span>Threat of rain existed for the entire race, but unfortunately, we never got any rain.<span>  </span>The full and half marathoners started together.<span>  </span>I overheard someone saying we had almost 400 total runners and almost 100 marathoners.<span> </span></p>
<p class="MsoNormal"> We started out in the parking lot and ran as crowd for about the first ½ mile.<span>  </span>We ducked into the woods for the first of 2 laps (half marathoners did 1 lap).<span>  </span>First loop was a breeze.<span>  </span>Every hill seemed manageable and it was plenty easy to get around people to pass.<span>  </span>The race crew did a great job setting up photographers along the course and I found myself showing off while leaping from some rocks.<span>  </span>We had 3 well stocked aid stations (water, hammer gels, pretzels, Heed and candy) on the course and they were spaced out at 3, 8 and about 11 miles.<span>  </span>Course was marked very well except in one spot were a few of us took a wrong turn.<span>  </span>I, along with a few others, ran a few hundred feet in one direction before we realized that this might not be the correct way.<span>  </span>We doubled back and started to follow the course in the opposite direction.<span>  </span>After about a mile, we saw some course markings and were relieved that we made the right choice.<span>  </span>Note, on the second loop, that same spot had now been properly marked.<span>  </span>The race crew did a great job of getting out there and fixing the problem.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"> I was clicking off the miles and doing fairly well, passing people on regular basis and was just under a 4 hour pace after the first loop.<span>  </span>Then I got overconfident.<span>  </span>I broke one of my “rules of marathoning.”<span>  </span>I had read somewhere that you shouldn’t pour cold water or use a cold compress on yourself on long runs.<span>  </span>The reasoning was that the cold water causes your pours to close and you can’t properly sweat and wind up overheating.<span>  </span>I don’t know if this is true or not, but trying it during a warm and humid marathon, probably wasn’t the brightest idea I’ve ever had.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"> At the first aid station on lap 2 (about mile 15), I took an ice cold compress and wiped off my face, neck, chest and back.<span>  </span>I’ll admit, it felt great, but after about 3 miles, I felt like my body was on fire.<span>  </span>I became nauseous, started to cramp and became exhausted.<span>  </span>During miles 18-24, my pace changed from a 4-hour finish, to a sub 5-hour finish.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"> Aid station workers kept telling me I looked good and that there was a ton of other runners still on the course.<span>  </span>I knew they meant well, but I didn’t believe their lies.<span>  </span>I kept trudging along, running the flats and the downhills while slowly walking the uphills.<span>  </span>Somewhere around mile 20 I lost all of my appetite and felt water logged.<span>  </span>My intake of fluids almost completely stopped.<span>  </span>I was able to eat a few pretzels, but otherwise my food and fluid consumption grinded to a halt.<span>  </span>Looking back, with the combination of the humidity and lack of fluids, I’m surprised that I crossed the finish line at 4 hours and 45 minutes.</p>
<p class="MsoNormal"> Overall the course was fantastic, not too difficult and very scenic.<span>  </span>Race was organized well and support and aid stations were fantastic.<span>  </span>All the runners were extremely cordial and very friendly.<span>  </span>Photographers took excellent shots and post race spread was top notch.<span>  </span>This race can be chalked up to definitely worth doing again or suggesting to others. </p>
